so Mary from Michigan writes can I have
different wood flooring in each room of
my home I have black and red bedding in
my daughter's bedroom and would like to
go with black wooden floors
I've got oak colored flooring in my
bedroom and I'm thinking about putting
oak in my son's room they're all on the
same floor and they have a landing that
separates them that's got carpet on it
what to do how to tie it all together
Mary I think it's really easy to get
confused about hardwood flooring
I really would advise you to think about
your floor as one main element that runs
through your home now obviously if
you've got hardwood floors some rooms
may have carpet and that may divide your
space a bit but I really don't suggest
having multiple types of hardwood floor
and multiple colors based on the decor
of a room imagine if you walked into
your house and whisked out all your
furniture and all your decor and you
walk through your home and each room had
a different hardwood floor it would be
so confusing now that's actually what
happens when you leave your home and
you're trying to put it on the market
too so remember for resale if you've got
multiple different floors it can be very
confusing for someone who comes after
you who might be interested in buying
your property so stick to the oak floors
you've got it sounds like a beautiful
option for your home and if you want to
support your daughter's bedroom with her
black and red theme it sounds awesome
maybe see about finding her a black rug
or you know there are so many ways that
you can support her her decor themed
curtains other ways you can supplement
it but try to stick to the same floor
through the whole house if you really
insist on having black flooring in her
room maybe go for a black carpet so that
it's something that's a lot easier for
someone to take out down the road if it
doesn't make sense with their plan if
you ever want to sell your home or if
your daughter changes the color of a
room cuz gosh teenagers you know you
never know it could be black gray yellow
pink it could be anything so that's my
advice